README.md, before:

# Python for Data Analysis, 2nd Edition

Materials and IPython notebooks for "Python for Data Analysis" by Wes McKinney,
published by O'Reilly Media

[Buy the book on Amazon][1]

# 1st Edition Readers

If you are reading the [1st Edition][1] (published in 2012), please find the
reorganized book materials on the [`1st-edition` branch][2].

## IPython Notebooks:

* [Chapter 2: Introductory Examples](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch02.ipynb)
* [Chapter 4: NumPy Basics](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch04.ipynb)
* [Chapter 5: Getting Started with Pandas](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch05.ipynb)
* [Chapter 6: Data Loading, Storage, and File Formats](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch06.ipynb)
* [Chapter 7: Data Wrangling: Clean, Transform, Merge, Reshape](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch07.ipynb)
* [Chapter 8: Plotting and Visualization](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch08.ipynb)
* [Chapter 9: Data Aggregation and Group Operations](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch09.ipynb)
* [Chapter 10: Time Series](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch10.ipynb)
* [Chapter 11: Financial and Economic Data Applications](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch11.ipynb)
* [Chapter 12: Advanced NumPy](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch12.ipynb)
* [Python Appendix](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/appendix_python.ipynb)
* [2012 Federal Election Commission Database](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/fec_study.ipynb)

[1]: http://amzn.to/2vvBijB
[2]: https://github.com/wesm/pydata-book/tree/1st-edition

Commit message:

Use MIT license for code examples

README.md, after:

# Python for Data Analysis, 2nd Edition

Materials and IPython notebooks for "Python for Data Analysis" by Wes McKinney,
published by O'Reilly Media

[Buy the book on Amazon][1]

# 1st Edition Readers

If you are reading the [1st Edition][1] (published in 2012), please find the
reorganized book materials on the [`1st-edition` branch][2].

## IPython Notebooks:

* [Chapter 2: Introductory Examples](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch02.ipynb)
* [Chapter 4: NumPy Basics](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch04.ipynb)
* [Chapter 5: Getting Started with Pandas](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch05.ipynb)
* [Chapter 6: Data Loading, Storage, and File Formats](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch06.ipynb)
* [Chapter 7: Data Wrangling: Clean, Transform, Merge, Reshape](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch07.ipynb)
* [Chapter 8: Plotting and Visualization](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch08.ipynb)
* [Chapter 9: Data Aggregation and Group Operations](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch09.ipynb)
* [Chapter 10: Time Series](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch10.ipynb)
* [Chapter 11: Financial and Economic Data Applications](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch11.ipynb)
* [Chapter 12: Advanced NumPy](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/ch12.ipynb)
* [Python Appendix](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/appendix_python.ipynb)
* [2012 Federal Election Commission Database](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/pydata/pydata-book/blob/2nd-edition/fec_study.ipynb)

## License

### Code

The code in this repository, including all code samples in the notebooks listed
above, is released under the [MIT license](LICENSE-CODE). Read more at the
[Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

[1]: http://amzn.to/2vvBijB
[2]: https://github.com/wesm/pydata-book/tree/1st-edition
